what's good YouTube it's your boy
showstopper men back to bring you
another video and yes ladies and
gentlemen looks like the Xbox one took
al in Japan you know it's all good you
know said you know that uh they do too
hot but you know neither here nor there
you know saying they just didn't do too
well sony ain't really did that well
over there neither you know so nobody is
doing all that great in japan right now
but i like i like the energy from the
clickers the first thing that I'm
telling you before it even launch the
defense was out man you head you had
your favorites Sonia youtubers and
everything with the pony defense it was
marching out like this
somebody hunky the game
somebody called today
ok
it was ready for battle it was funny
maybe I shoulda seen a Mennonite up man
I'll sit here watching it on my Twitter
feed on facebook and everything like
that bad these dudes was thirsty they
say I got another call us delusional but
they was bite made lelouch you know so I
ain't never seen that many little
shavings from from the nail of the hood
you know said in my life it was like I
know anything so I never seen so many
who clickers up in the wee hours of the
morning man it was funny man I'll sit
here like laying in my bed like man
Microsoft is that little Twitter bird
man to pop it off Oh nervous oh my
goodness then they came out with video
at the video at the video the key off
Santa someone shot me man somebody's uh
you know my favorite son of youtubers
man shocked me mad cuz they was I may I
know there was that deep whipped over
this piece of plastic they look like
this dude man declaring a love for the
for the PlayStation right here and I
don't care who knows it oh man Sami got
dumped on the street no hooking
hahaha oh but I love it though man I
love it you know say this funny minutes
entertainment to me man you know I just
be cracking up laughing I'm gonna tell
you why such the outcry because for
seven months man since January last year
you know I me up this year january this
year man um seven months you know I'm
saying Microsoft had that foot on that
day pony neck they finally got free they
saw the gate open else and it was the
confound to the stable they saw the gate
open like we can falling pasties box but
I came out with a little then look
campaign this boss or delusional oh man
I love it that I love this bra this is
entertainment to me man I just be
sitting here just laughing at it like
there's wild wolf y'all say they had a
party cuz they get off the fence you
don't say that it was loose after stable
there was dancing like this dude
hey this is what happens man man when
you let mommy stop the stable they look
crazy but it's all good man Xbox dude we
just got chalk it up as an L bro you
know up said Japan is just one area we
got chalking up as the L it is what it
is but you know neither console is doing
well in Japan but it's funny watching
these hood clickers man you know get
this energy then then all that the
hardest partying they get confound right
back to the state PSN network when you
can't make this stuff up man I tell you
you cannot make this stuff up man it's
like it's like a boxing match watch this
crap then all sudden all the energy when
you they're so worried about her
Microsoft man we've been trying to tell
them that they they network is
transmitted Amy won't listen and then
that happened mattered it just it is not
some sense back into that's all where I
would leave it alone I said nothing I'm
telling you man when everything comes
out man my video gonna be classic y'all
I'm telling you they just setting itself
up this is just looked its bitch what I
got planned but all in all man we gotta
check that Japan s ill and it's all
right we good and we'll just keep
pushing man we see what happens when the
numbers come out in Japan see you
exactly what they really really did you
know not just the speculation stuff we
see what they really did and that's all
i got for y'all today this is your boy
showstopper and i'm out peace